Fix release process feature freeze info (#19148)
php/php-src: docs/release-process.md

   mailinglist.

## Soft feature freeze

A major/minor version soft feature freeze occurs with the first beta release.
This is a soft feature freeze because features can still be merged with RM
approval.

For any RFCs to be included in the new release, they should be discussed and
have their voting polls closed no later than when the first beta is released.
However, this does not mean the new feature must have a complete implementation
by this date. Such implementation can be merged only with RM approval and must
be done before the hard feature freeze.

As a courtesy to the community, the release managers should remind others about
the upcoming soft feature freeze by posting reminders to

> internals@lists.php.net at 5 weeks, 4 weeks, 3 weeks, 2 weeks, and 1 week prior

Reviewer: the 5 weeks is new, is that intentional?

to this feature freeze. This is a recommendation and the intervals may vary
based on workload. The reminder should also contain a note with dates for
the last allowed RFC to start voting.

## Hard feature freeze

A major/minor version hard [feature freeze][] occurs with the first RC release.
Specifically, it occurs when the first RC release is packaged, which means the
hard feature freeze occurs two days before the first RC release.

The hard feature freeze for php-src means that we will not accept any new
features after the date of the hard feature freeze.

> Following the hard feature freeze, the focus of work for the new version will
> be on fixing bugs, writing tests, and completing/polishing all accepted
> features.

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't say “completing all accepted features”, since it should be “feature complete” before the hard freeze. Polishing also might be problematic, since that implies refactoring. Perhaps:

```suggestion
Following the hard feature freeze, the focus of work for the new version will
be on fixing bugs, writing tests, and preparing documentation for all accepted
features.
```
To indicate that the documentation team can safely start their work with the hard freeze?
